Update `@swc/core` and `@vocab/phrase`, loosen `esbuild` dependency version (#1018)
seek-oss/sku: .changeset/brave-balloons-repair.md

---
'sku': patch
---

> Loosen `esbuild` dependency version to mitigate multiple versions of it ending up in `node_modules`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Loosen `esbuild` dependency version to help prevent multiple versions of it ending up in `node_modules`
```

Nitpick, whatever you prefer
